I frequently see that the best year of my life with my year in Vietnam
that's true to a large degree because of the tasks that we had over
there in my ability to contribute to that task and being able to see
or have reported to us the results of our activities there but the
thing that impressed me the most over there as having a it made a difference
in my life was my finding out that I was not frightened when
under fire there are a lot of people over there who who really lost
it when the first round started coming in be they rockets or mortars
and yet I found that didn't bother me very much and I've spent my
life without a great deal of bravery being exhibited and this seems
like there's almost everything I do scare some people on the other
I've got acrophobia every other kind of full you can think of but I
didn't get rattled when the rounds came and and that gave me an assurance
go about my life the rest of my life knowing well that's one
thing that did morale